Update samples with the new PipelineRun SDK (#206)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: samples/README.md

Below are the list of samples that are currently running end to end taking the compiled Tekton yaml and deploying on a Tekton cluster directly. 
If you are interested more in the larger list of pipelines samples we are testing for whether they can be 'compiled to Tekton' format, please [look at the corresponding status page](/sdk/python/tests/README.md)

## Prerequisites 
- Install [Kubeflow 1.0.2+](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/getting-started/) and connect the cluster to the current shell with `kubectl`
- Install [Tekton 0.13.0](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/releases/tag/v0.13.0)

>     - For KFP, we shouldn't modify the default work directory for any component. Therefore, please run the below command to disable the [home and work directory overwrite](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/master/docs/install.md#customizing-the-pipelines-controller-behavior) from Tekton default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For KFP, we shouldn't be modifying the default work directory for any component. Therefore, please run the below command to disable the [home and work directories overwrite](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/master/docs/install.md#customizing-the-pipelines-controller-behavior) from Tekton default.
```
